Moved from lib/net/imap.rb

==== RFC3502: +MULTIAPPEND+
TODO...

==== RFC3516: +BINARY+
TODO...

==== RFC4466: Collected Extensions to IMAP4 ABNF
TODO...
Folded into IMAP4rev2[https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc9051], this RFC updates
the protocol to enable new optional parameters to many commands: #select,
#examine, #create, #rename, #fetch, #uid_fetch, #store, #uid_store, #search,
#uid_search, and #append.  However, specific parameters are not defined.
Extensions to these commands use this syntax whenever possible.  Net::IMAP
may be partially compatible with extensions to these commands, even without
any explicit support.

==== RFC4731 +ESEARCH+
TODO...
Folded into IMAP4rev2[https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc9051].
- Updates #search, #uid_search to accept result options: +MIN+, +MAX+,
  +ALL+, +COUNT+, and to return ExtendedSearchData.

==== RFC4959: +SASL-IR+
TODO...
Folded into IMAP4rev2[https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc9051].
- Updates #authenticate to reduce round-trips for supporting mechanisms.

==== RFC4978: COMPRESS=DEFLATE
TODO...

==== RFC5182 +SEARCHRES+
TODO...
Folded into IMAP4rev2[https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc9051].
- Updates #search, #uid_search with the +SAVE+ result option.
- Updates #copy, #uid_copy, #fetch, #uid_fetch, #move, #uid_move, #search,
  #uid_search, #store, #uid_store, and #uid_expunge with ability to
  reference the saved result of a previous #search or #uid_search command.

==== RFC5258 +LIST-EXTENDED+
TODO...
Folded into IMAP4rev2[https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc9051], this updates the
protocol with new optional parameters to the #list command, adding a few of
its own.  Net::IMAP may be forward-compatible with future #list extensions,
even without any explicit support.
- Updates #list to accept selection options: +SUBSCRIBED+, +REMOTE+, and
  +RECURSIVEMATCH+, and return options: +SUBSCRIBED+ and +CHILDREN+.

==== RFC5819 +LIST-STATUS+
TODO...
Folded into IMAP4rev2[https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc9051].
- Updates #list with +STATUS+ return option.

==== RFC6154 +SPECIAL-USE+
TODO...
Folded into IMAP4rev2[https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc9051].
- Updates #list with the +SPECIAL-USE+ selection and return options.

==== RFC7888: <tt>LITERAL+</tt>, +LITERAL-+
TODO...
==== RFC7162: +QRESYNC+
TODO...
==== RFC7162: +CONDSTORE+
TODO...
==== RFC8474: +OBJECTID+
TODO...
==== RFC9208: +QUOTA+
TODO...

